chore(docs): readme.md and contributing doc updates (#5426)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: README.md

### Pre-commit Hooks

> #### WARNING: autohook.sh installation may install a few pre-commit hooks which are broken.
> If you have installed autohook.sh and git commands are failing, you can uninstall the script by deleting the created symlink with the command:
> 
>     $ rm .git/hooks/pre-commit
> 
> #### Installation

Reviewer: I would suggest a simpler uninstallation note to the end of this section. 

```suggestion
**NOTE**: If pre-commit hooks fail to run in your development environment, you can uninstall them by deleting the symlink created by the installation script:

    $ rm .git/hooks/pre-commit

#### Installation
```
